README.md, before:

# SHOWZ ISPF Dialog

SHOWZ is an ISPF dialog that displays the SHOWZOS sections in
a selectable ISPF table where each section is a table row.

This dialog is written in REXX and dynamically loads the required
ISPF panels, which are located within the REXX code.

## Requirements

First you ***must*** have SHOWZOS installed.
    Note: if SHOWZOS is not executed APF authorized then 33 reports will
          not be generated

SHOWZOS can be found on the www.cbttape.org site in File 492.

Second: The only **REQUIRED** customization is to change the name of the
APF authorized library where SHOWZOS is installed. Note that if the
library is not APF authorized then some of the SHOWZOS sections will not
be generated.

## Installation

1. Customize the SHOWZ to reference the load library where
   SHOWZOS is installed.
2. Copy member SHOWZ into a library in your SYSEXEC or SYSPROC
   allocations.

## SHOWZOS

Thank you to Roland Schiradin for maintaining and enhancing SHOWZOS
and to the late Gilbert Saint-flour for developing it and sharing
it with the mainframe community.

Commit message:

update to indicate must be version 8.00 min

README.md, after:

# SHOWZ ISPF Dialog

SHOWZ is an ISPF dialog that displays the SHOWZOS sections in
a selectable ISPF table where each section is a table row.

This dialog is written in REXX and dynamically loads the required
ISPF panels, which are located within the REXX code.

## Requirements

First you ***must*** have SHOWZOS installed.
    Note: 1) if SHOWZOS is not executed APF authorized then 33 reports will
          not be generated
          2) Must be SHOWZOS Version 8.00 or newer.

SHOWZOS can be found on the www.cbttape.org site in File 492.

Second: The only **REQUIRED** customization is to change the name of the
APF authorized library where SHOWZOS is installed. Note that if the
library is not APF authorized then some of the SHOWZOS sections will not
be generated.

## Installation

1. Customize the SHOWZ to reference the load library where
   SHOWZOS is installed.
2. Copy member SHOWZ into a library in your SYSEXEC or SYSPROC
   allocations.

## SHOWZOS

Thank you to Roland Schiradin for maintaining and enhancing SHOWZOS
and to the late Gilbert Saint-flour for developing it and sharing
it with the mainframe community.
